hello, maidens, today, I am mine
friend david we wanted to tell you about nail
art and we wanted to apply these with you
which are the new stickers to debora it
There are so many adhesive glazes
companies now and I did not yet
approved and I said ok let's try that
let 's try the indirect with mine
I have already applied maidens on my hand
right
here is just to see to see if
it's a complicated thing and if I could
do it without having ever done it
first in a very simple way and now
I will apply this instead on the hand
left so I will be much simpler
and I'll show you the process that
what we need ie runs before
all an adhesive glaze just like
this one I chose this one here
you see everything silver and it's transparent
we can show it where you are
here the transparent with these rows in
in silver and are in relief and if not or
also this one always debora so
made to pizza
as you see every row shows it to understand
how to move every finger is done in
different way that it seems
all placed however the fantasies are
all these are so straight here
I have to figure out how to frame these here
punctuate this one that I'm wearing
this with pitbulls this type net so
Scottish lace what I have
showed another of lace all of gold
zebra and spotted come 7 euros and 90
but it depends on where it is
went to buy them will cost
certainly
the less you do this poses always do
from the great price offers
much lower than the others
then what we need we need
tell a sticker and an ops
I file this one here a lime that
scratch a lot and put them in one
scratch
a little less if I'm very hm up here
pc steam is very simple which one
I take the cheapest because anyway
I use very little so let's see if I can
to turn beckham
on the other side so at least look at me
so remember yes here is sorry this
you want to see it all then david
help me you distract me david distracts me e
let's show some more ideas like that
here it is who we like we like this
tattoo here then we take the
sticker then you must first of all
understand the size of your fingers
so you have to do tests for
see just how big yours is
finger to take the bald look
I understood from this yes that I have some
pretty big nails and therefore for the
little finger for example I don't take this
here the smallest but I have to take the
second
so what i do is this part
some more round ops there is this part
more round copies than the one that will go
just at the end of the nails this does
straightest pleasure that will go precisely
from the inside of the thousand li
I take this sticker of course worth it
from the part that then go has removed the
I was thinking that if you have nails
corte has cut itself in two
I think you can also use two
times
I apply let's get a little closer
he managed to see
I apply the sticker on the nail
here it was my mom
here I fold it
and I crush a lot of pressure
long because it adheres really well
rather if there is, you are undecided between two
size one larger than one more
little
take with the youngest because
the smallest, okay, there is no typical problem
here in this case you will have a space
empty but the larger one will stick
the skin ops will stick to the skin and
therefore you will have no way of yes will rise
immediately because it was not sticky
the skin and therefore probably those
long and then off via mattock
once you've done a lot
pressure on the nail folded here is here
your nails ready and do so for
all nails
ends
now I take a file
which deals with more is very much
abrasive and begins to file
gently until you see it is not
take away for these little bits
I think I'm scared to file underneath
the nail I use the file the 4 part
that first of all here is yours
nails we can see it here they are
your grease the groups the effect is
very nice
the feeling just now
omitted it is as if I had false nails
that is, I feel something substantial
on the nail I feel a bit I feel a
a bit strange if you have indeed put them
fake nails you know the feeling that
you have to feel something on your nail
if you want to give it more brilliance e
greater resistance
just put him with top coat nothing
this is how much in the information box vi
I will put the duration as long as I have
so if you want even more duration
even more brilliance will suffice to put
a top coat
for today it's all and david beckham cute
we tell you that we see each other
video
hello worse the reasons